README.md, before:

# Java utility classes

A variety of java classes that make coding easier.

## Contains:

- **FileUtils**  
  A wide variety of functions related to reading, writing and watching files.
- **GeneralUtils**  
  Plenty of functions that are useful for plenty of different cases, such as getting the screen size, moving the mouse
  cursor, string functions, clipboard actions and much more.
- **MathEval**  
  Use this class to evaluate mathematical expressions.
- **GoogleTranslate**  
  Use an object of this class to translate a text using the Google Translate API. Requires an average of 55ms per
  translation on my device.
- **VisJS**  
  This class uses [VisJS](https://visjs.org/) to generate a network of nodes and edges. You can customize the path to
  the JS and css files that are being used by the browser to display the network.
- **Configuration**  
  Easily store string values in a file using a key-value pair.
- **PerformanceTest**  
  Use this class to measure the total and average time that a certain operation needs for executing a certain amount of
  times.  
  Use this to compare different methods for executing a certain task.
- **Log**  
  A simple logger class.
- **Popup**  
  Several popup actions for buttons, dropDowns, text input and displaying messages.
- **Sleep**  
  Let the thread sleep for a given amount of time.
- **ImageEditor**  
  This class is still work in progress, but can be used to read an image file and edit individual pixels.
- **LineBuilder**  
  Works just as a StringBuilder, but every time you append to the LineBuilder, a new line is created.
- **Pair**  
  Two values of any class stored in one object.
- **CountApi**  
  Use this class to access the [https://countapi.xyz/](https://countapi.xyz/) which serves as an online
  counter.

This is mainly a collection of code snippets or classes that I collected over the past few years that I sometimes need
to reuse.  
I hope you can use them for your projects as well.

Commit message:

File class, FileUtils now throws Exceptions

README.md, after:

# Java utility classes

A variety of java classes that make coding easier.

## Contains:

- **FileUtils**  
  A wide variety of functions related to reading, writing and watching files.
- **File**  
  A better file object that allows you to perform extra actions related to files.
- **GeneralUtils**  
  Plenty of functions that are useful for plenty of different cases, such as getting the screen size, moving the mouse
  cursor, string functions, clipboard actions and much more.
- **MathEval**  
  Use this class to evaluate mathematical expressions.
- **GoogleTranslate**  
  Use an object of this class to translate a text using the Google Translate API. Requires an average of 55ms per
  translation on my device.
- **VisJS**  
  This class uses [VisJS](https://visjs.org/) to generate a network of nodes and edges. You can customize the path to
  the JS and css files that are being used by the browser to display the network.
- **Configuration**  
  Easily store string values in a file using a key-value pair.
- **PerformanceTest**  
  Use this class to measure the total and average time that a certain operation needs for executing a certain amount of
  times.  
  Use this to compare different methods for executing a certain task.
- **Log**  
  A simple logger class.
- **Popup**  
  Several popup actions for buttons, dropDowns, text input and displaying messages.
- **Sleep**  
  Let the thread sleep for a given amount of time.
- **ImageEditor**  
  This class is still work in progress, but can be used to read an image file and edit individual pixels.
- **LineBuilder**  
  Works just as a StringBuilder, but every time you append to the LineBuilder, a new line is created.
- **Pair**  
  Two values of any class stored in one object.
- **CountApi**  
  Use this class to access the yanwittmann.de database which serves as an online counter.

This is mainly a collection of code snippets or classes that I collected over the past few years that I sometimes need
to reuse.  
I hope you can use them for your projects as well.
